Add in Search Database action `solutions` output field Rapid& VulnDB plugin (#919)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: rapid7_vulndb/help.md

# Version History

> * 2.1.0 - Add in Search Database action `solutions` output field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.1.0 - Return list of vulnerability solutions in the Search Database action with new `solutions` output field
```
